---
author: group
title: "Come to our talk at AIAA/CEAS Aeroacoustics 2024!"
---

We are delighted to confirm our attendance at this year's conference in person. We will be presenting five papers showcasing our latest research.

The first paper investigates the characteristics of wall pressure fluctuations beneath turbulent boundary layers, with particular attention on its frozen turbulence properties. Our earlier findings reveal that considering non-frozen turbulence significantly better agrees with experimental measurements. It is therefore to revisit to what extent the non-frozen nature hold under various flow operation conditions.

The second paper examines the near-field pressure fluctuations and attempt to model it using PSE. It shows that provided a reasonable reference spectrum is given, near-field spectra based on PSE agree with LES results reasonably well, particularly upstream of the potential core.

 The third paper develops a fast 3D noise prediction models based on a Green's function for acoustic scattering nearby a serrated trailing edge. It address the needs of combining efficiency and 3D effects compared to earlier models. 

The fourth paper examines the effects of compressibility on the spatio-temporal stability of two-dimensional shear layers. In particular, our recent result shows that a new absolute instability mode emerges at high shear Mach numbers, induced by the interaction of acoustics and instability waves.

The last paper concerns a new flow decomposition technique called Canonical Correlation Decomposition (CCD). It tackles the problem that POD ranks flow based energy norms which are not always our interest. Instead CCD ranks the flow based on its correlation with a given observables. It is therefore more suitable to diagnose the flow concerning the sources and descent structures of a given observable.
 
Our current research spans a wide range of topics, including aerofoil acoustics, jet noise, and flow instabilities. We warmly invite you to attend our presentation to delve deeper into these subjects.

<!---Headings are cool
======

You can have many headings
======

Aren't headings cool?
------
--->
