---
title: "Aerofoil Aeroacoustics"
date: 2020-06-20
excerpt: "Aerofoil aeroacoustics studies sound generated by flows around aerofoils."
header:
  teaser: /assets/images/BranchCuts.png
  overlay_image: /assets/images/BranchCuts.png
  overlay_filter: 0.3
  caption: "The branch cuts of the diffraction integrand when using the 
      Wiener-Hopf method"
  actions:
    - label: "Learn more"
      url: "/publications/JSVOptimal"
---
## Motivation
Wind energy has been gaining increasing popularity in recent years. This is
partly because its production results in zero emission and therefore meets the
requirement of a future green energy system, and partly because the operational
cost of wind farms has been dropping significantly in recent years that wind
power exploitation has become increasingly cost-effective. 

To increase the efficiency of wind exploitation, wind turbines have grown
larger and larger. To put this into perspective, the state-of-the-art turbine
up to date has a turbine blade that is longer than the gigantic Airbus A320.
The increasingly large turbines produces noise that is significantly louder.
This has become one of the main issues concerning further developing onshore
wind farms. Among many components, aerofoil noise is the main noise source, and
designing quieter turbine blades is the leading impetus for aerofoil
aeroacoustic research.

## Background 
Aerofoil noise is complicated, with more than one physical sources. However, it
is widely accepted that the acoustic emission due to the interaction between
wind turbine blades and the turbulent boundary layers, commonly known as
trailing-edge noise, is the main component of wind turbine noise. Research on
this component has been an active front line of current aeroacoustic research.
After extensive research, techniques to reduce trailing-edge noise with various
performances have been developed but the physical mechanisms of their noise
reduction effects remain to be further elucidated. 

## Current research
Here in our group we apply advanced mathematical methods such as the
Wiener-Hopf method and Matched Asymptotic Expansion to model the essential
physics of trailing-edge noise generation and its reduction using various
techniques. These analytical investigations are also complemented by
experiments conducted in state-of-the-art aeroacoustic wind tunnels. 
