---
excerpt: Jet aeroacoustics is the study of sound emitted by turbulent jets.
header:
  teaser: /assets/images/inst_u_large.png
  overlay_image: /assets/images/inst_u.png
  overlay_filter: 0.2
  caption: "A Mach 0.5 turbulent jet leads to significant acoustic radiation."
  actions:
    - label: "Learn more"
      url: "/publications/JFMInstalled"
title: "Jet Aeroacoutics"
date: 2020-04-10
---

## Motivation 
Modern aircraft are powered by high by-pass-ratio jet engines, the thrust of
which is generated when air is discharged through the engine exhaust at a very
high speed. High-speed turbulent jets are violently unsteady and therefore act
as an efficient noise source. The noise emitted by these jets are referred to
as jet noise, and its investigation was primarily motivated by the increasingly
urgent need to reduce aircraft noise.

## Background 
Research on jet noise dates back to the 1950s. Perhaps one of the most
well-known discoveries in the 1950s is that jet noise scales as the eighth
power of jet velocity. Therefore, reducing the jet exit velocity becomes the
single most effective strategy for reducing aircraft noise. Together with the
consideration of fuel economy, the principle of increasing jet engine diameter
sums up the main trend of engine development in the past few decades. 

## Current research
There are two important issues associated with this trend. The first is that
the engines grow increasingly large that they start to interact with aircraft
wings. This interaction greatly amplifies sound at low frequencies. Here in our
group we study the physical mechanism of this noise amplification and aim to
develop novel techniques for its reduction.

The second issue is the sustainability of the trend in view of modern aircraft
configurations. Because aero-engines have grown so large that further
increasing its diameter leads to integration difficulties. Understanding the
physical nature of sound generated by jet turbulence seems to be the key to a
way out. Here in our group we endeavour to understand the fundamentals of the
noise generation by turbulent jets.   
